v0 burn compat (#184)
renproject/lightnode: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.4.5

> - Compat layer for v0 burns
> - Use connection pool for redis interaction 
> - Fetch public key and max confirmations from darknode when booting
> - Fix incorrect `amount` field for v0 compat mint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update compatibility layer for v0 burns
- Use connection pool for Redis interaction
- Fetch public key and max confirmations from Darknode when booting
- Fix incorrect `amount` field for v0 mints
```
